Article 26 also has provisions for the Employee who does not
meet the Fully Successful or higher performance criteria for
a promotion.
When this happens, the Department will give the
Employee a written notice at least 60 calendar days prior to
the earliest date of promotion eligibility.
The written notice will state what he or she needs to do to
meet performance criteria for the career ladder promotion plan.
However, career ladder plans or positions that require a
three-month training period do not require the Department to
send 60-calendar-day notices.
In this instance, the Department will provide the required notice
to the Employee in a reasonable period prior to the earliest
date of promotion eligibility.